Document authentication reqs in openapi schema (#109613)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ols-provide-authentication-mcp-server.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// lightspeed-docs-main/operate/ols-using-openshift-lightspeed.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="ols-provide-authentication-mcp-server_{context}"]
= Provide authentication for MCP servers

[role="_abstract"]

> Some Model Context Protocol (MCP) servers require specific credentials to process proxied calls. You must include these credentials in the request body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authenticate proxy calls to Model Context Protocol (MCP) servers by identifying required headers and including credentials in your API request body.
```
